README.md, before:

<a href="http://https://www.udacity.com/"><img src="https://udacity-email.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/MicrosoftML_FoundationCourse_Scholarship.jpg" title="Udacity Microsoft ML Scholarship"></a>

# [Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship](https://www.udacity.com/scholarships/machine-learning-scholarship-microsoft-azure)

> Repository for AZURE ML Scholarship provided by Udacity

## Table of Contents

> If your `README` has a lot of info, section headers might be nice.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Team](#team)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Support](#support)
- [License](#license)
---

## Example

---

## Installation

---

### Clone
- Clone this repo to your local machine using https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship

### Setup
- If you want more syntax highlighting, format your code like this:

> update and install this package first

- For all the possible languages that support syntax highlighting on GitHub (which is basically all of them), refer <a href="https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml" target="_blank">here</a>.

---

## Features
---
## Usage
- Confused where to start using Tensorflow??
 Refer to https://www.tensorflow.org/learn so as to be confortable and start with tensorflow as per your requirements.
---
## Documentation
---
## Tests
- Going into more detail on code and technologies used
- I utilized this nifty <a href="https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet" target="_blank">Markdown Cheatsheet</a> for this sample `README`.
---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship.git

### Step 2

- **HACK AWAY!** 🔨🔨🔨

### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request using <a href="https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship/compare/" target="_blank">`https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship/compare/`</a>.

---

## Team
> Contributors/People
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/divajain9
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/nagaraj-amarnath
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/swagatmohanty1996
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/snehithallamraju
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/m4n15h
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ananyay-ankit-657037103
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/rutuja-kawade-6b7a8a171
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tushikasingh
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/palak-rathi-b1a3a2170/
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/shatakshi-pachori-a107a9179/
---

## FAQ

---
## Support

---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**

Commit message:

Removed pdf notes and added google drive link

README.md, after:

<a href="http://https://www.udacity.com/"><img src="https://udacity-email.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/MicrosoftML_FoundationCourse_Scholarship.jpg" title="Udacity Microsoft ML Scholarship"></a>

# [Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship](https://www.udacity.com/scholarships/machine-learning-scholarship-microsoft-azure)

> Repository for AZURE ML Scholarship provided by Udacity

## Table of Contents

> If your `README` has a lot of info, section headers might be nice.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Team](#team)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Support](#support)
- [License](#license)
---

## Example

---

## Installation

---

### Clone
- Clone this repo to your local machine using https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship

### Setup
- If you want more syntax highlighting, format your code like this:

> update and install this package first

- For all the possible languages that support syntax highlighting on GitHub (which is basically all of them), refer <a href="https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml" target="_blank">here</a>.

---

## Features
---
## Usage
- Confused where to start using Tensorflow??
 Refer to https://www.tensorflow.org/learn so as to be confortable and start with tensorflow as per your requirements.
---
## Documentation
- For handwritten notes, please refer to this google drive folder
- Refer to https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Ujvu7aAFRLvAsLaj1uOfpI7GmCCr9xei?usp=sharing 
## Tests
- Going into more detail on code and technologies used
- I utilized this nifty <a href="https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet" target="_blank">Markdown Cheatsheet</a> for this sample `README`.
---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship.git

### Step 2

- **HACK AWAY!** 🔨🔨🔨

### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request using <a href="https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship/compare/" target="_blank">`https://github.com/ananyaynkit/Microsoft-Udacity-ML-scholarship/compare/`</a>.

---

## Team
> Contributors/People
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/divajain9
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/nagaraj-amarnath
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/swagatmohanty1996
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/snehithallamraju
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/m4n15h
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/ananyay-ankit-657037103
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/rutuja-kawade-6b7a8a171
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tushikasingh
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/palak-rathi-b1a3a2170/
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/shatakshi-pachori-a107a9179/
---

## FAQ

---
## Support

---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
