Learning Paths/NLP.md, before:

# Getting Started with NLP


## Prerequisites
1. Python
2. Basic Maths
    * Euclidean Distance
    * Cosine Similarity
3. ML Algorithm or Scikit-learn
4. Pandas library

---
## Libraries
* [SpaCy](https://spacy.io/)
* [Gensim](https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/)
* [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)

<br>

> String Matching Libraries
* [FlashText](https://github.com/vi3k6i5/flashtext)
* [FuzzyWuzzy](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy)
* [Jellfish](https://github.com/jamesturk/jellyfish)

<br>

* [Natural Language Toolkit for Indic Languages (iNLTK)](https://github.com/goru001/inltk)

---
## Learning Path
1. Getting familiar with basic NLP concepts like <b>Bag of word model, n-gram, Count Vectorizer and TF-IDF</b>.
2. <b>Applying these concepts</b> to understand small corpus of text, possibly 10 sentences. Practising them on small corpus will help you completely understand what in happening and also take full control by modifying the data.
3. Try building various applications of NLP like
    1. Sentiment Analysis
    2. Sentences similarity
    3. Predicting next word in a sentence

## Resources
### Lectures
1. [CS231 Stanford Lectures (Best but not for beginners)](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/)
2. [NLP Specialization - deeplearning.ai](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing)


### Blogs
1. [Kavita Ganesh Hand-on-NLP (My Favourite)](https://kavita-ganesan.com/category/hands-on-nlp/#.XxKstGMzbeQ)
2. [Jay Alammar (Visualizing Concepts)](http://jalammar.github.io/)

Commit message:

added more content in learning_path/nlp

Learning Paths/NLP.md, after:

# Getting Started with NLP


## Prerequisites
1. Python
2. Basic Maths
    * Euclidean Distance
    * Cosine Similarity
3. ML Algorithm or Scikit-learn
4. Pandas library

---
## Libraries
* [SpaCy](https://spacy.io/)
* [Gensim](https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/)
* [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)

<br>

> String Matching Libraries
* [FlashText](https://github.com/vi3k6i5/flashtext)
* [FuzzyWuzzy](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy)
* [Jellfish](https://github.com/jamesturk/jellyfish)

<br>

* [Natural Language Toolkit for Indic Languages (iNLTK)](https://github.com/goru001/inltk)

---
## Learning Path
1. Get familiar with basic text processing
    1. Regular Expressions
    2. Stemming, Lemitization, processing emojis and numbers.
2. Get familiar with basic NLP concepts like <b>Bag of word model, n-gram, Count Vectorizer and TF-IDF</b>.
3. <b>Apply these concepts</b> to understand small corpus of text, possibly 10 sentences. Practising them on small corpus will help you completely understand what in happening and also take full control by modifying the data.
4. Try building various <b>applications of NLP like</b>
    1. Sentiment Analysis
    2. Sentences similarity
    3. Predicting next word in a sentence
5. Understand the <b>drawbacks of Traditional NLP Methods</b> (TF-IDF, Count Vectorizer, etc) and why do these models fail.
6. Learn about <b>word embeddings</b> (word2vec, glove).
7. Projects for word embedding
    1. Synonyms
    2. Spelling check
    3. Sentence similarity
    4. Sentiment analysis
8. Understand <b>drawbacks of word embeddings</b> (particularly static word embeddings like word2vec) and in which conditions do they fail.
9. More content coming soon..

---
## Projects to try
1. Sentiment Analysis.
2. Topic Modelling.
---

## Resources
### Lectures
1. [CS231 Stanford Lectures (Best but not for beginners)](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/)
2. [NLP Specialization - deeplearning.ai](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing)


### Blogs
1. [Kavita Ganesh Hand-on-NLP (My Favourite)](https://kavita-ganesan.com/category/hands-on-nlp/#.XxKstGMzbeQ)
2. [Jay Alammar (Visualizing Concepts)](http://jalammar.github.io/)
